This is bomb 16 for lab comp40fall14.

It is owned by the following student(s):
James.McCants@tufts.edu
junsoo.shin@tufts.edu

README
HW5: bomb
James McCants and Jun Soo Shin
bomb16

----- Help -----
We received help from a few comp 40 TA's.

----- Explanations -----

phase_1 reads a string input and calls the helper function strings_not_equal 
to check if the input is equal to the set input in the phase_1. It explodes the
bomb if those strings are not equal; otherwise it returns and phase_defused is
called by main.

phase_2 reads six integers separated by a space by calling the helper function 
read_six_numbers. read_six_numbers returns an array of those six integers. In 
a for loop, phase_2 checks if each element of the array is 5 less than the next
element. It exlodes the bomb if any one element is not 5 less than the next 
element; otherwise, it returns and phase_defused is called by main.

phase_3 uses fscanf to read a string input of two integers separated by a space.
fscanf returns the integer and the integer. In a switch statement of 9 cases 
including the default, the first integer is used as the case for the switch. 
If the second integer matches the value in the corresponding case, phase_3 
returns and phase_defused is called by main. Otherwise, the bomb will blow up. 
The default case also blows up the bomb.

phase_4 uses fscanf to read an integer. It uses the recursive helper function
func4, which multiplies the integer integer-times (x^x) and returns the result. 
If the result value is equal to 823543, which is 7^7 so if the integer input 
is equal to 7, phase_4 returns and phase_defused is called by main; otherwise, 
it explodes the bomb.  

phase_5 uses fscanf to read a string of characters. It calls the helper function
string_length to check if the length of the string input is six; if not, the
bomb blows up. Then it loops through the string grabbing each character. It
bitwise-ands the character with 15 and uses that value to index into a given
array. The value at that index of the array is stored in a total. Once the loop
ends, it checks if the total is equal to 32. If not, the bomb blows up;
otherwise, it returns and defuses the bomb. 

phase_6 uses strtol to read a string input and convert it into a long integer.
It initializes an array of 9 pointers to 9 long integers. It calls the helper
function fun6 to insertion sort the long integers in a descending order. If
the long integer to which the last element of the array points (the smallest
long integer) is not equal to the input value (142), then the bomb blows up; 
otherwise it returns and defuses the bomb.  

----- Hours -----
12 hours